Update CWS best practices page (#794)
GoogleChrome/developer.chrome.com: site/en/docs/webstore/best_practices/index.md

This page has advice on how you should implement your app and list it in the store. As the store
matures and we learn from developers' experiences, these recommendations will be updated.

## Design a high-quality extension

We encourage you to develop extensions that are of high quality. High-quality extensions conform to
standards of performance, security, and user experience, as summarized by the following guidelines:

> 

Author: Done, see comment at line 26.

* **Compliance:** Does the extension comply with our [program policies]? Extensions must not violate

> any of these policies.

Reviewer: That's a fancy bit of shorthand. I didn't know we could write links this way 😳

Author: It's concise, but it leaves you with constraints like no uppercase...

> of these policies will not be considered for a badge and may be removed from the store.

Reviewer 2: need to remove this mention

Author: It is removed.

> * **Manifest V3:** Is the extension built on Manifest V3? Manifest V3 reflects the aims of our

Reviewer 2: can we change MV3 to not being a requirement, but highly recommended?

Author: Made it should, not must.

  platform vision, and all High Quality extensions should use it. (See this
  [MV3 overview][mv3-overview].)

* **Security:** Is the extension safe for users? Make sure your extension does not pose security
  threats, does not use deceptive installation tactics and meets Chrome Web Store's data privacy

>   requirements (see this [FAQ][user-data-faq]).

Author: Done. There's now a separate bullet for user data privacy, and each of these (security bullet, user data bullet) links to the appropriate article.

* **Performance:** Does the extension function at an outstanding level? High-quality extensions
  don't just perform their intended action, but perform at an extremely high level. 

> * **User experience:** Is the extension a joy to use? Make sure your extensions are easy to
>   install and manage, with a good-looking, intuitive and seamless user experience.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **User experience:** Is the extension a joy to use? The extension itself should provide a
  good-looking, intuitive, and seamless user experience while also respecting the end user's
  privacy.
```

I wanted to acknowledge that some extensions currently use content scripts to inject extension UI on all pages. While that may provide a user good user experience for some users, others may not be comfortable giving the extension that much data access.

> * **Store listing:** Does the store listing page provide quality and well-designed images (icon,
>   tile, marquee, and screenshots)? Images should not be blurry or too busy. Additionally, the store
>   listing page should be complete with all fields filled out (see [Supplying images] [supplying-images]
>   and [Completing your store listing] [completing-listing] for more listing tips).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Store listing:** The extension's [Chrome Web Store listing][completing-listing] should sets the
  user's expectations and clearly communicates what the extension does.   All image assets (icon,
  tile, marquee, and screenshots) [should be provided][supplying-images]. Images should not be
  blurry or too busy. [Privacy information][dashboard-privacy] (permissions justifications, the extension's privacy policy, data use disclosures, etc.) must be accurate and up to date.
```

Note that I have another suggestion to add the dashboard-privacy link to the footer further down in this review.

The spaces between the link text and footer ID are breaking the links.

### Choose your app's category well

The developer console lets you specify a category for each extension. Choose the category
that is most appropriate:

* Accessibility
* Blogging
* Developer Tools
* Fun
* News & Weather
* Photos
* Productivity
* Search Tools
* Shopping
* Social & Communication
* Sports

[3]: /docs/webstore/identify_user
[4]: /docs/webstore/check_for_payment
[5]: /docs/webstore/check_for_payment#cache
[6]: #top
[7]: /docs/webstore/branding
[8]: /docs/webstore/images
[9]: #top

> [mv3-overview]: /docs/extensions/mv3/intro/mv3-overview/
> [program policies]: /docs/webstore/program_policies/
> [user-daat-faq]: /docs/webstore/user_data/
> [supplying-images]: /docs/webstore/images/
> [completing-listing]: /docs/webstore/cws-dashboard-listing/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[completing-listing]: /docs/webstore/cws-dashboard-listing/
[dashboard-privacy]: /docs/webstore/cws-dashboard-privacy/
[mv3-overview]: /docs/extensions/mv3/intro/mv3-overview/
[program policies]: /docs/webstore/program_policies/
[supplying-images]: /docs/webstore/images/
[user-data-faq]: /docs/webstore/user_data/
```

Fixes a typo in "user-data-faq", adds a "dashboard-privacy" link,  and sorts the links alphabetically.
